MINOR: [Docs][MATLAB] update README failing example code snippets (#45973)
apache/arrow: matlab/doc/matlab_interface_for_apache_arrow_design.md

To serialize MATLAB data to a file on disk (e.g. Feather, Parquet), a MATLAB developer could start by constructing an `arrow.Table` using one of several different approaches. 

> They could directly convert from an existing MATLAB `table` to an `arrow.Table` using a function like `arrow.table`.

Reviewer: Marking this as resolved for now.

>> Density = [10.2; 20.5; 11.2; 13.7; 17.8]; 

% Create a MATLAB `table`
>> T = table(Weight, Radius, Density);

% Create an `arrow.tabular.Table` from the MATLAB `table`
>> AT = arrow.table(T);
```

To serialize the `arrow.Table`, `AT`, to a file (e.g. Feather) on disk, the user could then instantiate an `arrow.internal.io.feather.Writer`. 

###### Example Code: 
``` matlab
% Make an `arrow.tabular.RecordBatch` from the `arrow.tabular.Table` created in the previous step
>> recordBatch = arrow.recordBatch(AT);

> >> filename = "data.arrow";

Reviewer: To make it clear that this is Feather V1 and *NOT* Feather V2 (i.e. the Arrow IPC format), I think it would be better to use the extension `.feather` here.

```suggestion
>> filename = "data.feather";
```

> % Write the `arrow.tabular.RecordBatch` using Feather locally to `data.arrow`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
% Write the `arrow.tabular.RecordBatch` to disk as a Feather V1 file named `data.feather`
```

>> writer = arrow.internal.io.feather.Writer(filename);
>> writer.write(recordBatch);
```

> The Feather file could then be read and operated on by an external process like Rust or Go. To read it back into MATLAB after modification by another process, the user could instantiate an `arrow.internal.io.feather.Reader`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Feather file could then be read and operated on by an external process like Rust or Go. To read it back into MATLAB, the user could instantiate an `arrow.internal.io.feather.Reader`. 
```

###### Example Code: 
``` matlab
>> reader = arrow.internal.io.feather.Reader(filename);

% Read in the first RecordBatch
>> newBatch = reader.read();

% Create a MATLAB `table` from the `arrow.tabular.RecordBatch`
>> AT = table(newBatch);
```
#### Advanced MATLAB User Workflow for Implementing Support for Writing to Feather Files 

> To add support for writing to Feather files, an advanced MATLAB user could use the MATLAB and C++ APIs offered by the MATLAB Interface for Apache Arrow to create `arrow.internal.io.feather.Writer`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add support for writing to Feather V1 files, an advanced MATLAB user could use the MATLAB and C++ APIs offered by the MATLAB Interface for Apache Arrow to create `arrow.internal.io.feather.Writer`. 
```

They would need to author a [MEX function] (e.g. `featherwriteMEX`), which can be called directly by MATLAB code. Within their MEX function, they could use `arrow::matlab::unwrap_table` to convert between the MATLAB representation of the Arrow memory (`arrow.Table`) and the equivalent C++ representation (`arrow::Table`). Once the `arrow.Table` has been "unwrapped" into a C++ `arrow::Table`, it can be passed to the appropriate Arrow C++ library API for writing to a Feather file (`arrow::ipc::feather::WriteTable`). 

> An analogous workflow could be followed to create `arrow.internal.io.feather.Reader` to enable reading from Feather files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An analogous workflow could be followed to create `arrow.internal.io.feather.Reader` to enable reading from Feather V1 files. 
```

>> T = table(Weight, Radius, Density); % Create a MATLAB table 

>> AT = arrow.table(T); % Create an arrow.Table 
```

To serialize the `arrow.Table`, `AT`, to a file (e.g. Feather) on disk, the user could then instantiate an `arrow.io.ipc.RecordBatchFileWriter`. 

###### Example Code: 
``` matlab
% create a RecordBatch out of the table from the previous example
>> recordBatch = arrow.recordBatch(AT);
>> filename = fullfile(pwd, "data.arrow");

% write the RecordBatch schema and the RecordBatch itself
>> writer = arrow.io.ipc.RecordBatchFileWriter(filename, recordBatch.Schema);
>> writer.writeRecordBatch(recordBatch);

% close the writer to enable reading 
>> writer.close();
```

> The Feather file could then be read and operated on by an external process like Rust or Go. To read it back into MATLAB after modification by another process, the user could instantiate an `arrow.io.ipc.RecordBatchFileReader`. 

Reviewer: Marking as resolved.

###### Example Code: 
``` matlab
% open record batch file reader
>> reader = arrow.io.ipc.RecordBatchFileReader(filename);

% read in the first RecordBatch
>> newBatch = reader.read(1);

% create a table that matches AT before it was written to data.arrow from the RecordBatch
>> AT = table(newBatch);
```
#### Advanced MATLAB User Workflow for Implementing Support for Writing to Feather Files 

> 

Reviewer: Marking this as resolved.

To share a MATLAB `arrow.Array` with PyArrow efficiently, a user could use the `exportToCDataInterface` method to export the Arrow memory wrapped by an `arrow.Array` to the C Data Interface format, consisting of two C-style structs, [`ArrowArray`] and [`ArrowSchema`], which represent the Arrow data and associated metadata. 

> Memory addresses to the `ArrowArray` and `ArrowSchema` structs are returned by the call to `export`. These addresses can be passed to Python directly, without having to make any copies of the underlying Arrow data structures that they refer to. A user can then wrap the underlying data pointed to by the `ArrowArray` struct (which is already in the [Arrow Columnar Format]), as well as extract the necessary metadata from the `ArrowSchema` struct, to create a `pyarrow.Array` by using the static method `pyarrow.Array._import_from_c`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memory addresses for the `ArrowArray` and `ArrowSchema` structs are returned by the call to `export`. These addresses can be passed to Python directly, without having to make any copies of the underlying Arrow data structures that they refer to. A user can then wrap the underlying data pointed to by the `ArrowArray` struct (which is already in the [Arrow Columnar Format]), as well as extract the necessary metadata from the `ArrowSchema` struct, to create a `pyarrow.Array` by using the static method `pyarrow.Array._import_from_c`. 
```

> Since we require multiple lines to import our matlab Arrow array into python, we'll use a function called `pyrunfile`, which allows us to [execute Python statements in a file supplied as an argument to the function](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/pyrunfile.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple lines of Python are required to import the Arrow array from MATLAB. Therefore, the function [`pyrunfile`]((https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/pyrunfile.html)) can be used when can run Python scripts defined in an external file.
```

###### Example Code: 

```python

> # file located in same directory as the matlab file, named import_from_c.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Filename: import_from_c.py
# Note: This file is located in same directory as the MATLAB file.
```

```

``` matlab
% Create a MATLAB arrow.Array. 
>> AA = arrow.array([1, 2, 3, 4, 5]); 

% Export C Data Interface C-style structs for `arrow.array.Array` values and schema
>> cArray = arrow.c.Array();
>> cSchema = arrow.c.Schema();

% Export the MATLAB arrow.Array to the C Data Interface format, returning the 
% memory addresses of the required ArrowArray and ArrowSchema C-style structs. 
>> AA.export(cArray.Address, cSchema.Address); 

% Import the memory addresses of the C Data Interface format structs to create a pyarrow.Array. 
>> PA = pyrunfile("import_from_c.py", "array", arrayMemoryAddress=cArray.Address, schemaMemoryAddress=cSchema.Address);
```
Conversely, a user can create an Arrow array using PyArrow and share it with MATLAB. To do this, they can call the method `_export_to_c` to export a `pyarrow.Array` to the C Data Interface format. 

**NOTE:** Since the python calls to `_export_to_c` and `_import_from_c` have underscores at the beginning of their names, they cannot be called directly in MATLAB. MATLAB member functions or variables are [not allowed to start with an underscore](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab_prog/variable-names.html). 

> To initialize a Python `pyarrow` array, the MATLAB `pyrunfile` command can be used, which supports the execution of Python code containing variables and functions with names that start with an underscore. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To initialize a Python `pyarrow` array, `pyrunfile` can (again) be used to execute a Python script containing containing variables and functions with names that start with an underscore. 
```

The memory addresses to the `ArrowArray` and `ArrowSchema` structs populated by the call to `_export_to_c` can be passed to the static method `arrow.Array.importFromCDataInterface` to construct a MATLAB `arrow.Array` with zero copies. 

###### Example Code: 

```python

> # file located in same directory as the matlab file, named export_to_c.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Filename: export_to_c.py
# Note: This file is located in same directory as the MATLAB file.
```

To share a MATLAB `arrow.Array` with PyArrow efficiently, a user could use the `exportToCDataInterface` method to export the Arrow memory wrapped by an `arrow.Array` to the C Data Interface format, consisting of two C-style structs, [`ArrowArray`] and [`ArrowSchema`], which represent the Arrow data and associated metadata. 

Memory addresses for the `ArrowArray` and `ArrowSchema` structs are returned by the call to `export`. These addresses can be passed to Python directly, without having to make any copies of the underlying Arrow data structures that they refer to. A user can then wrap the underlying data pointed to by the `ArrowArray` struct (which is already in the [Arrow Columnar Format]), as well as extract the necessary metadata from the `ArrowSchema` struct, to create a `pyarrow.Array` by using the static method `pyarrow.Array._import_from_c`. 

> Multiple lines of Python are required to import the Arrow array from MATLAB. Therefore, the function [`pyrunfile`]((https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/pyrunfile.html)) can be used when can run Python scripts defined in an external file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple lines of Python are required to import the Arrow array from MATLAB. Therefore, the function [`pyrunfile`]((https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/pyrunfile.html)) can be used which can run Python scripts defined in an external file.
```

Memory addresses to the `ArrowArray` and `ArrowSchema` structs are returned by the call to `export`. These addresses can be passed to Python directly, without having to make any copies of the underlying Arrow data structures that they refer to. A user can then wrap the underlying data pointed to by the `ArrowArray` struct (which is already in the [Arrow Columnar Format]), as well as extract the necessary metadata from the `ArrowSchema` struct, to create a `pyarrow.Array` by using the static method `pyarrow.Array._import_from_c`. 

###### Example Code: 
``` matlab
% Create a MATLAB arrow.Array. 
>> AA = arrow.array([1, 2, 3, 4, 5]); 

% create C Data Interface for array values and schema
>> cArray = arrow.c.Array();
>> cSchema = arrow.c.Schema();

% Export the MATLAB arrow.Array to the C Data Interface format, returning the 
% memory addresses of the required ArrowArray and ArrowSchema C-style structs. 
>> AA.export(cArray.Address, cSchema.Address); 

% Import the memory addresses of the C Data Interface format structs to create a pyarrow.Array. 

> >> PA = pyrun("import pyarrow as pa; array = pa.Array._import_from_c(arrayMemoryAddress, schemaMemoryAddress)", "array", arrayMemoryAddress=cArray.Address, schemaMemoryAddress=cSchema.Address);

Reviewer: The latest changes use `pyrunfile`. Marking this as resolved.

```
Conversely, a user can create an Arrow array using PyArrow and share it with MATLAB. To do this, they can call the method `_export_to_c` to export a `pyarrow.Array` to the C Data Interface format. 

> Since the python calls to `_export_to_c` and `_import_from_c` have underscores at the beginning, they cannot be called in MATLAB. MATLAB member functions or variables are not allowed to start with an underscore shown [in the "variable names" syntax page on the Mathworks website](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab_prog/variable-names.html). Instead, to initialize your Python pyarrow array, you must use MATLAB's built-in `pyrun` to execute code in Python, which allows for variables and functions to start with underscore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Since the python calls to `_export_to_c` and `_import_from_c` have underscores at the beginning of their names, they cannot be called directly in MATLAB. MATLAB member functions or variables are [not allowed to start with an underscore](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab_prog/variable-names.html). 

To initialize a Python `pyarrow` array, the MATLAB `pyrunfile` command can be used, which supports the execution of Python code containing variables and functions with names that start with an underscore. 
```

>> PA = py.pyarrow.array([1, 2, 3, 4, 5]); 

% Create ArrowArray and ArrowSchema C-style structs adhering to the Arrow C Data Interface format. 
>> cArray = arrow.c.Array();
>> cSchema = arrow.c.Schema();

% Export the pyarrow.Array to the C Data Interface format, populating the required ArrowArray and ArrowShema structs. 

> >> pyrun("import pyarrow as pa; PA._export_to_c(arrayMemoryAddress, schemaMemoryAddress)", PA=PA, arrayMemoryAddress=cArray.Address, schemaMemoryAddress=cSchema.Address);

Reviewer: Same comment as above, perhaps, we could use `pyrunfile` here instead?

Reviewer: Marking as resolved.

>> AT = arrow.Table(Var1, Var2, Var3); 

% Write the MATLAB arrow.Table to the Arrow IPC File Format on disk. 
>> recordBatch = arrow.recordBatch(AT);

>> filename = "data.arrow"

> % open `data.arrow` as an IPC file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
% Open `data.arrow` as an IPC file
```

>> writer = arrow.io.ipc.RecordBatchFileWriter(filename, recordBatch.Schema);

> % write the `RecordBatch` to `data.arrow`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
% Write the `RecordBatch` to `data.arrow`
```
